🛡️ DROID SHIELD: Encrypted Tactical Field Comms
A military-grade, raw TCP socket communication suite designed for secure command-and-control operations between a PC Headquarters and Android Field Agents.

📋 Overview
Droid Shield is a custom-built communication infrastructure that establishes a secure, authenticated link between a central server (Headquarters) and mobile clients (Field Agents).

Unlike standard chat apps that rely on heavy HTTP protocols or third-party servers, Droid Shield uses Raw TCP Sockets over an SSH Tunnel. This ensures direct, low-latency control with zero intermediaries.

🔒 NOW UPGRADED: All traffic is secured using Fernet (AES-128) Symmetric Encryption. Messages, voice transcripts, and commands are scrambled before leaving the device, making them unreadable to packet sniffers or man-in-the-middle attacks.

🏗️ Architecture
The system operates on a Star Topology:

The HQ (Server):

Runs on a Desktop PC (Windows/Linux/Mac).

Provides a Tactical Commander Console (GUI).

Manages encryption keys, banning, and "Remote Destruct" commands.

The Tunnel (Transport Layer):

Uses SSH Remote Forwarding (via Pinggy.io) to expose the local localhost:9000 port to the public internet.

Bypasses CGNAT and Firewalls without router configuration.

The Agent (Client):

Runs on Android (built via Buildozer/Kivy).

Features a "Safe Mode" bootloader to prevent crashes.

Includes Encrypted Chat, Voice Radio (PTT), and a Network Vulnerability Scanner.

🛠️ Key Features
🖥️ Commander Console (PC)
Global Kill Switch: A single button to instantly terminate all active connections and wipe the server session in emergencies.

Remote Destruct: Send a CMD_KILL signal to a specific agent, forcing their Android app to crash and close immediately.

Traffic Monitoring: Real-time decrypted logs of all connections.

Active Defense: IP Banning, Whitelisting, and Intrusion Detection.

📱 Field Agent App (Android)
AES-128 Encryption: Every packet (Chat & Voice) is encrypted with a unique session key derived from the user password.

Voice Radio: Push-To-Talk (PTT) sends encrypted text-to-speech transcripts.

Net Scanner: Built-in port scanner to analyze target IP addresses from the field.

Self-Destruct Listener: Constantly listens for the "Kill Signal" from HQ to scrub the app from the screen.

🔧 Technical Innovation: The "Encrypted Handshake"
One of the major engineering challenges was the "Ghost Call" Phenomenon combined with Encryption Latency.

The Problem
When using SSH Tunnels, the client connects, but the tunnel buffer delays the signal. If the server waits passively, the connection times out. Furthermore, standard encryption handshakes fail if the packet is fragmented by the tunnel.

The Solution: Active Beaconing
Droid Shield utilizes an Aggressive Encrypted Beacon Protocol:

Beacon Loop: The Server does not wait. It broadcasts an encrypted AUTH_REQUEST token every second.

Wake Up: This forces data through the tunnel buffer, waking up the Client.

Verification: The Client attempts to decrypt the beacon.

Wrong Password? Decryption fails -> Connection Dropped.

Correct Password? Client replies AUTH_ACK.

Lock In: The link is established, and the "Kill Switch" listener is activated.

Python
# Code Snippet: The Encrypted Beacon
auth_token = self.encrypt("AUTH_REQUEST")
for _ in range(15):
    client_socket.send(auth_token)  # Force encrypted packet through tunnel
    try:
        data = client_socket.recv(4096)
        if self.decrypt(data) == "AUTH_ACK": break
    except: continue
🚀 Installation & Usage
Prerequisites
Python 3.10+

pip install kivy

pip install plyer (for Android features)

pip install cryptography (REQUIRED for Encryption)

1. Start Headquarters (PC)
Run the server script on your computer.

Bash
python server_hq.py
Set a session password when prompted. This generates the Encryption Key.

The server will listen on Port 9000.

2. Establish Uplink (Tunnel)
Open a terminal on your PC and run the SSH command to expose port 9000.

Bash
ssh -p 443 -R0:127.0.0.1:9000 tcp@a.pinggy.io
Copy the public address provided (e.g., tcp://krfbu.a.pinggy.link:45501).

3. Deploy Agent (Android)
Important: You must add cryptography to your buildozer.spec requirements.

Ini, TOML
requirements = python3,kivy==2.2.0,plyer,cryptography,android
Compile for Android:

Bash
buildozer android debug deploy run
In the App: Paste the Pinggy address, enter the exact same password as the server, and hit LINK.

📜 Disclaimer
This tool is a Proof of Concept for secure socket programming and network tunneling.

Security: Traffic is encrypted using Fernet (AES-128). The security relies entirely on the strength of the password you choose.

Usage: Designed for educational purposes and private network administration.

🤝 Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Built with Gemini AI and ☕ by SEGUN MICHAEL ADEGBITE
